We've accomplished a lot so far in this course and now it's time to put our data cleaning skills to work!

Working on guided projects gives you hands on experience with real world examples, which also means they'll be more challenging than missions. However, keep in mind that now you have more tools you can use to clean and transform data than you did at the beginning of this course, including:

Vectorized string methods to clean string columns
The apply(), map(), and applymap() methods to transform data
The fillna(), dropna(), and drop() methods to drop missing or unnecessary values
The melt() function to reshape data
The concat() and merge() functions to combine data
If you get stuck, don't be afraid to:

Review previous missions.
Use Google and StackOverflow to search for answers.
It's very difficult to understand every concept and memorize syntax the first time you complete a course, so don't be discouraged if you need to review missions again or use Google to search for answers.

In this guided project, we'll work with exit surveys from employees of the Department of Education, Training and Employment (DETE) and the Technical and Further Education (TAFE) institute in Queensland, Australia. You can find the TAFE exit survey here and the survey for the DETE here. We've made some slight modifications to these datasets to make them easier to work with, including changing the encoding to UTF-8 (the original ones are encoded using cp1252.)

In this project, we'll play the role of data analyst and pretend our stakeholders want to know the following:

Are employees who only worked for the institutes for a short period of time resigning due to some kind of dissatisfaction? What about employees who have been there longer?
Are younger employees resigning due to some kind of dissatisfaction? What about older employees?
They want us to combine the results for both surveys to answer these questions. However, although both used the same survey template, one of them customized some of the answers. In the guided steps, we'll aim to do most of the data cleaning and get you started analyzing the first question.

A data dictionary wasn't provided with the dataset. In a job setting, we'd make sure to meet with a manager to confirm the definitions of the data. For this project, we'll use our general knowledge to define the columns.

Below is a preview of a couple columns we'll work with from the dete_survey.csv:

ID: An id used to identify the participant of the survey
SeparationType: The reason why the person's employment ended
Cease Date: The year or month the person's employment ended
DETE Start Date: The year the person began employment with the DETE
Below is a preview of a couple columns we'll work with from the tafe_survey.csv:

Record ID: An id used to identify the participant of the survey
Reason for ceasing employment: The reason why the person's employment ended
LengthofServiceOverall. Overall Length of Service at Institute (in years): The length of the person's employment (in years)
Let's start by reading the datasets into pandas and exploring them.